c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.dll
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.pdb
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\wpAgenda_Debug_x86.xap
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Sqlite.winmd
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\Bin\x86\Debug\Sqlite.dll
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.g.resources
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.dll
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\wpAgenda.pdb
c:\users\ryuuzak\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Ryuuzak\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\wpAgenda\wpAgenda\obj\x86\Debug\Contatos.g.cs
